I do not own any of the text, images or videos used in this project, images were sourced from Google and videos were sourced from Youtube. Text was generated by Chatgpt. They are used purely as a portfolio piece.

Link to Render Site [Render URL](https://Final_project.onrender.com/)

Link to GithubRepo [Project URL](https://github.com/Emmaf97/Final_project)

# Folklore Éireann (FÉ)

## Goal of project
To allow users to learn about Irish Mythology and interact with the app community.


## Frameworks Used:
###  <i>Django - Backend</i>
###  <i>React - Frontend</i>
## Feature 1
###  <i>Post</i>
Users can upload a post to the forum, they can then edit or delete this post.

## Feature 2
### <i>Form Validation</i>
Contact form has validation on the input fields. Some fields only allow text, some allow only numbers, some require certain length and specific characters (email address with @ format correct email ending e.g. gmail)

## Feature 3
### <i>Login/Signup</i>
The user can login and signup using the login and signup forms. This is stored in a database(Postgresql).

## Feature 4
### <i>Customisable User Profiles</i>
Users can update their name profile picture and contact information using forms provided.(Username, Email and Profile Picture)

## Feature 5
### <i>Json Data Dump To Database </i>
The application takes in json files and proceeds to put them into the database tables. It checks that they are not created already and if they are they get deleted and created again from the data in the json file.

## Feature 6
### <i>Javascript & CSS Functionality</i>
There is javascript and css applied to the buttons on the site these can be seen on the home page.

## Feature 7
### <i>Javascript Audio functionality</i>
The application allows users to hear audio clips in Irish when the user clicks the button.

## Feature 8
### <i>Google Maps API Integration</i>
The application allows the user to use Google maps API to click on location on myth and get information about it.
